okay we're on the outskirts of a
cornfield we're not hunting in the
cornfield because it's planted and we're
not going to go there and I was tipped
off that there might be a foundation
back here and locked as bricks
everywhere is uh pieces of china pieces
of Lion there's plenty of iron in the
ground looks like there was an old
foundation after the crops are in this
pack of this cornfield is going to be
awesome I'm going to come back here just
on the outskirts of it and first target
got a shotgun shell an old one brass a
short brass looks like the old paper
style and we'll give this a little hot
around here sip and come up with
anything it's in the rain but it's not
going to bother us we'll get our 80 pro
80 pro doesn't care that it's raining
all right I got another good find here
right on the edge of the cord feel right
on top the ground just about looks like
a ring it's like a brass ring of some
sort I'm pretty sure that's what that is
it is it's ring number five unexpected
find out here we're going to keep a
looking
alright here's our next round like I've
seen these before somewhere in the old
home sites probably made of brass or
something to that effect any ideas on
this one
alright got some high ring in here
you're that every now and then get me a
little bit excited hope it could be a
coin something in there well we'll take
it off camera because we're digging into
my back to a minute it's like a piece of
Al and I think that's what that is well
clean her up and have a lock but i'm
pretty sure that that's what that's
gonna end up being get excited for a
minute all right he's 687 her next to
that brick ain't enough to get too
excited know what it is it's into my
dear know if it's made out of letter
what oh I don't know now cleaner off
okay we got ourselves a button here
looks like on the back yet it was some
type of gold gilt or something maybe I
can sell my date this button get an idea
of the foundation age how about that out
here playing in the mud having a good
time I feel pretty good it's been a
couple weeks since my last chemo today
is the only day I felt good the last two
weeks and it's raining but I'm out here
with the 80 pro digging in the mud
having a good old time
all right here's where I ask the
audience what the hell is it never seen
anything like it really maybe looks like
this small feet is something here on the
bottom oh no idea on this one almost
looks like a little padlock but not
quite now
all right I think I got me half an aux
you think that's what that is just got a
musket ball a few minutes ago so playing
in the mud having a good old time I
might have gotten the prize of the day
right here look like much but that looks
like an eagle on that and it looks like
a rosette or uh or a breastplate wow
I've seen these online and they're
pretty rare I'll go clean that up that's
definitely an eagle on there that is
awesome I am so excited to have that wow
all right no kinds of mud we're gonna
call it a day how to wrap up right after
this and my wife is probably gonna kill
diva I'll wash off before i head in okay
is a wrap up from playing in the mud
piece of round ball I believe your whole
daddy's old ring it's got some gold gilt
on the inside but no writing on it it's
brass or copper our button has a little
bit of gold gilt on the back haven't
been able to make out any writing
believe there's a pattern there in the
front uh couple shell casings Monica
read saying here's a kitchen knife I
believe mystery item number one mystery
item number two so piece sticking out on
the bottom is made out of wood so it's a
piece of wood it's riveted in there I
don't know exactly what that is I've
seen those before somewhere you know
exactly what do ya Pizza led like
material heavy rocks you are off land
pieces patent februari februari I can't
remember the 27th a 1877 so you know
that's an eighteen hundreds relic and
our prize is our breast plate / belt
buckle whichever happens to be it I know
I've seen that before I know it's very
coveted it's made out of lead very heavy
was very happy to have that right there
and that's a wrap up from my playing in
the mud